PolygonROI (#3030)
hyperspy/hyperspy: upcoming_changes/3030.new.rst

Added :class:`~.api.roi.PolygonROI` and related functionality:
- Added the ROI :class:`~.api.roi.PolygonROI` to create ROIs of arbitrary shape.
- Added the widget :class:`~.api.widgets.PolygonWidget` to do this through the GUI.

> - Added functions :func:`~.api.widgets.combine_rois` and :func:`~.api.widgets.create_mask_from_rois` to use multiple ROIs to slice signals and create masks, respectively. Currently only for several :class:`~.api.roi.PolygonROI`.

Reviewer: The formatting needs to be fixed:
![image](https://github.com/hyperspy/hyperspy/assets/11851990/36385b29-15ab-481e-ad1a-bfc673311cdf)

Most likely something along the lines of:
```suggestion
Added :class:`~.api.roi.PolygonROI` and related functionality:

- Added the ROI :class:`~.api.roi.PolygonROI` to create ROIs of arbitrary shape.
- Added functions :func:`~.api.roi.combine_rois` and :func:`~.api.roi.create_mask_from_rois` to use multiple ROIs to slice signals and create masks, respectively. Currently only :class:`~.api.roi.PolygonROI` is supported.
```
